---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-30T02:56:06.415Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-30T02:55:58.944Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-30-feb68c53-065f-4e6a-af84-f4ea15c3ca70.md
published: true
url: feb68c53-065f-4e6a-af84-f4ea15c3ca70/index.html
_type: Article

---
"What do you love?" 

I recently conducted an interesting exercise with a few of my friends beginning with Mudd Sol and asked that he did the same with me all with the aim of peeling off decisions in our lives factoring in detours, distractions and directions that we took which were not made consciously on our own accord. 

What was left then are the things we do in life that fed our soul; the things that energises us. What we hope was that at the end of the exercise, we will be able to draw ourselves a map to living a more fulfilling life. 

I have been rather withdrawn these 2 months retreating to my man-cave having been drained off of emotional energy. I needed to recharge and have been researching on ways to do that and this exercise was just one of the methods that worked to jumpstart that. 

Many things in life, many actions we take were a result of instinctive reactions to a given stimulus. But not everything we do results in emotional contributions. Some things we do, we totally dislike and at the end of the day results in us feeling unmotivated and totally drained. And there are things we will gladly do over and over again as we feel good doing it. 

It was essentially an interesting exercise which made me realise a pattern which I have lived my life and also draw out the things that I did consistently that brought me a sense of joy, feeding my soul and giving me motivation. 

And it all pointed to the facts that I love the feeling of freedom and space, to be able to explore and be myself, uninhibited and taking paths in life that people seldom tread upon. I love to explore challenging areas, things that people say are difficult and live through it to tell a story. I especially love learning about and deconstructing concepts and sharing what I learnt, in turn motivating others and through the growth of other via my contribution, I'm filled with a sense of pride and that emotion motivates me.
Not being able to do those things drains my emotional energy. And I ask myself, have I been unconsciously draining my emotional reserves doing things out of the need of survival rather than focus on that which gives me energy. What can I be doing deliberately now to grow that reserve?
And now with this map, I'll be setting out on an altered course in life, making a conscious effort to feed my soul daily.